
Thank you for your interest (or curiousity) in
enhancing/maintaining the Texture Prep Tool!

[Notes for Version 0.1]

Here are some features that may need your attention, by component:

1) Selection
  The current file selection dialog only allows selection of a single texture file (of .bmp, .jpg, or .png type).
  Selection of multiple texture files at a time, either through Ctrl+Click from the existing dialog, 
  or a different setup that allows checkboxes next to each file, would be an improvement in efficiency.
  This would lead to a 'Selection List' that can again be further refined (through the above described mechanism)
  before taking the desired files forward into Validation.

2) Validation
  The current validation scheme relies on hard-coded rules in code, and any changes to it
  will require someone with scripting knowledge. This is cumbersome, and it will be advantageous to make the rules
  primarily 'data-driven'. This would mean separating the rules themselves into custom 'rules' files with easily readable 'pseudo-code', 
  and parsing them on tool startup. This also bodes well for the future - once implemented,
  the same tool can be fed custom rules for different types of validations (other Art assets, Audio, maybe even programmers).  

2.1) Rename
  The current rename process does not allow changing the location (path) of the file. This could be an important feature,
  as textures may be re-used between categories, or checked-in to the wrong location at some point.
  There is no ability to use the (left and right) arrow keys to move across the rename field - the standard keycodes don't seem to be working,
  might be as simple as finding the correct keycodes and adding them to the event handler.
  Also, there is no ability to copy-paste into the rename field at the moment, because of the character restrictions in place,
  but there may be a clever way to strip out all invalid characters and paste in what's left - maybe something to explore.  
 
3) Submission
  The current submission phase accepts a rudimentary note automatically generated from a successful validation,
  and uses that as the commit message. The note could be made more relevant by adding a 'user comments' field 
  (restricted in length - probably to a tweet), where the user can add a custom message.
  Also, the repo path is embedded in the code at the moment - this should be separated out into a 'config' file
  that is parsed at tool startup, and would be a convenient location for adding other tool initialization data (resolution, themes, etc).

//Other considerations
- UI flow code (enabling/disabling buttons, clearing fields) could be better encapsulated into 'state' functions
- Might be worth adding confirmation dialogs for preventing accidents while renaming or submitting files.
- Some tooltips have been added - more in-context help would be better.
- A File Preview window might be a nice-to-have, especially before clicking the submit button.